Lord, what are you doing?
You can't do that.
Get out. This is my house.
Whatever I like.
It's not your turn to plead guilty.
The King
Why are your clothes and shoes gone?
I don't know. I don't know anything.
I know where those things go.
Military, don't throw it all away.
Military, what are you talking about?
I'm not talking shit.
When you were young, you forgot that you threw with me.
Throwing it in a mass grave outside stinks.
How?
My daughter is dead.
How to Make Even Her Last Healing Magic in This World
Why are you so bad?
Such a cruel young age
It's actually the top salary, not the bottom salary.
Who told you to mess with your safety?
Xiao An.
He pushed us both out into the hallway.
Good night.
Looks like we're in love.
Five thousand. What are you doing?